Added documentation for ESM instrumentation in Lambda (#111)
newrelic/newrelic-lambda-layers: README.md

  * NEW_RELIC_LAMBDA_HANDLER: Path to your initial handler.

Refer to the [New Relic AWS Lambda Monitoring Documentation](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/serverless-function-monitoring/aws-lambda-monitoring/get-started/enable-new-relic-monitoring-aws-lambda) for instructions on completing your configuration by linking your AWS Account and Cloudwatch Log Streams to New Relic.

## Support for ECMAScript Modules

> As of October 2022, AWS supports ECMAScript in Lambda and ECMAScript modules as dependencies, but those functions do not yet support loading dependencies from Lambda Layers, as [`import` specifiers don't resolve with `NODE_PATH`](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v16.x/api/esm.html#no-node_path). 

Author: Yeah, it's less of a "someone broke something" and more of "here's a situation in which support is developing gradually."

> If your Lambda functions support ESM, you can still instrument them with New Relic, but you will need to do the following: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Lambda functions are written using ES modules, you can still instrument them with New Relic, but you will need to do the following: 
```
